feat: blob signatures within OCI registry (#324)
notaryproject/notaryproject: specs/signature-specification.md

1. Apart from the `payload` field, all other fields of a signature envelope are identical between OCI and blob signatures.
1. OCI signatures have signature manifest files, containing the mediaType of the signature envelope (application/jose+json or application/cose). However, blob signatures lack such manifest file and this mediaType information is instead found in the signature file extension.

### Distribute arbitrary blob and blob signature with an OCI conformant registry
Besides local file system, an arbitrary blob and its blob signature can also be stored in an OCI conformant registry.

> Notary Project client supports discover and verify such blob signatures with following requirements:

Reviewer: Does the term Notary Project client refers to `notation`?

1. The target arbitrary blob MUST be stored in the OCI registry as an OCI image. This [OCI image's manifest](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/v1.1.0/manifest.md) MUST have `"mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json"`. 

> 2. This OCI image manifest MUST have one and only one layer, which describes the target arbitrary blob. 

Reviewer: Looks like the blob file in the OCI registry is just a normal OCI image manifest, right?

    Example of the OCI image manifest:
    ```jsonc
    {
      "schemaVersion": 2,
      "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json",  // REQUIRED
      "artifactType": "application/vnd.unknown.artifact.v1",
      "config": {
        "mediaType": "application/vnd.oci.empty.v1+json",
        "digest": "sha256:44136fa355b3678a1146ad16f7e8649e94fb4fc21fe77e8310c060f61caaff8a",
        "size": 2,
        "data": "e30="
      },
      "layers": [
        { // REQUIRED: Descriptor of the target arbitrary blob
          "mediaType": "application/octet-stream",
          "digest": "sha256:1e73547d0530231d4b9c4b7975cdad8b37d6fd24fd8718f0296111afbcedf5a6",
          "size": 100,
          "annotations": {
            "org.opencontainers.image.title": "blob"
          }
        }
      ],
      "annotations": {
        "org.opencontainers.image.created": "2025-02-07T08:08:18Z"
      }
    }
    ```

> 3. The blob signature MUST be stored as a [referrer](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/main/spec.md#listing-referrers) of the OCI image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The blob signature MUST be stored as a [referrer](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/v1.1.1/spec.md#listing-referrers) of the OCI image. 
```
